[Music]
two announcements and I'm just gonna
start it out what's the first one Kichi
merch it's for sale
you can rep the peach fans peach emerge
calm I'm so excited you guys have been
asking about merch for a long time this
is just the beginning you check it out
peachy merch dot-com I'm gonna talk a
little bit more about it later in the
video but I just needed to tell you I
needed to get this off my chest so
excited
come on all that just kombu don't know
what the same that yeah this is John
Hill Sarah's boyfriend youtuber and
professional skateboarder and this is me
sir DG rhymes with BG John so what are
you doing I'm moving to New York we did
it for like four or five months yes and
then we started like bouncing coast
together lne a new work literally living
together for a month at a time in each
Coast in the beginning when we were
seeing each other like once every five
to six weeks
was it like the best I wouldn't save it
the best
[Music]
these people are 300 it's weird when you
see them without their like faces on
hmm we are I can't hear you Wow
goodness knows what you look good in it
Thanks hey guys
today we're doing a taste test fat-free
cholesterol-free sugar-free vegan
cooking Wow it's just oats in chocolate
[Music]
it tastes like a bar the world's on fire
how about yours that's the way I like it
and I never get bored hey now you're an
Oscar over you see something it's the
part before the chorus la where your
apartment still currently is although
very soon is a six hour plane ride even
though we did get to see each other more
than I think a normal long distance
couple it was still like but the plane
is pretty brutal I know we want to spend
too much time with each other we like we
like every day online
it makes me beyond me too me too
I'm very very excited about it that's
how we learned that we needed to make
this step is by being like one of us is
gone
this sucks yeah it makes you sad even I
think like a five-day trip to Cincinnati
now I'm like it'd be cool but five days
compared to almost 100 shows where it's
like right for five months there you
know Swiss be far away from us that's
true
shows they hang out every day take it
like videos together use the other one
for business social networking and
marketing
[Music]
earlier I mentioned kiichi merged now I
can't just announce emerge in just a
normal way we gotta get a little musical
one of my friends who I have used his
music in my videos before Joey burbs and
hit him up and I was like yo we need to
collaborate we need to make a peachy
merch to
so here we go now I've never had anyone
else write a song for me usually I'm
doing that for other people here but my
girl Sarah hit me up said she's got this
crazy merch about to drop so we put a
little something together for you hope
you dig it
it looks amazing y'all been asking for
it on my way in
peachy much stop with the conversations
and peaches greatness I'm taking this
God if you ain't I got no patience it
that link you know I'm always reppin hit
that link to buy in no more questions
peachy fam always told me to make it all
the seven suck less concentration so now
the only thing to do is rip that much
that ain't greatness hey make sure
you buy one should not make sure you
about five shirts one for your mom your
dad your brother your sister your dog
your grandma John should absolutely you
guys reps to merge PG merge
exciting let me know if you guys like
this video hit that subscribe button
down below
I'm till next time say peachy peachy
peachy okay it looks amazing
y'all been asking for it on my way in
peachy much stop with the conversations
of peaches greatness okay if it's got if
your way I got no patience it that link
you know I'm always reppin hit that link
to buy you know more questions
peachy fam always told me to make it all
the seven circus concentrations